*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK GUIDE TO FORTUNE-TELLING BY DREAMS ***

Transcriber’s Note:

Text enclosed by underscores is in italics (_italics_), and text
enclosed by equal signs is in bold (=bold=).

       *       *       *       *       *

Multum in Parvo Library.

_Entered at Post Office as Second-Class matter._

Vol. I. OCTOBER, 1894. _Published Monthly._ No. 10.




Guide to Fortune-Telling by Dreams.


  _Smallest Magazine in the World. Subscription
  price, 50 cts. per year. Single copies, 5 cents each._

  PUBLISHED BY
  A. B. COURTNEY,
  671 Tremont Street, Boston.




ONEIROLOGY. The Science of Foretelling Future Events by Dreams.


Since the world began, “coming events have cast shadows before,” and
many of the important incidents in our lives are shown us in our dreams
if we only understood their full interpretation.

The following are a few of the most certain signs, and can almost
invariably be relied upon. For dreams not mentioned here, a pleasant
dream almost invariably indicates good health, successful ventures and
general prosperity, while evil dreams are forebodings of ill health and
other troubles.

Abuse.--To dream that you are abused and insulted is a certain sign
you will have a dispute with some person with whom you have business,
and, after such a dream, you should be particularly careful to be as
gentle and mild as possible, that you may not give those with whom
you have dealings any advantage over you; if you are in love, be
assured that some one has attempted to injure you with the object of
your affections, and that they have in a great measure succeeded. You
should, therefore, after such a dream, be particularly attentive;
eradicate the unfavorable impressions that have been made; if you have
a lawsuit, keep a sharp lookout after your attorney, for such a dream,
in that case, denotes that he is endeavoring to sell your cause; avoid
taking a journey by land, or a voyage by sea, for eight and forty
hours, because such a dream forebodes accidents by travelling.

Abraham.--To dream of Abraham denotes good fortune, accumulation of
riches; in love, many rivals; in law, many difficulties, an increase in
your business. He may give you some valuable information how to avoid
trouble.

Adam.--To dream of Adam is a particularly good omen, and brings good
fortune to the dreamer.

Adversary.--To dream you meet with an adversary denotes that you will
overcome some obstacle to your happiness; if you are a lover, you will
conquer some powerful rival, and be happy in your love; your affairs
are going on well; if you are in trade, an increase of business; if you
quarrel, and he overcomes you, it is a good sign, for you will conquer
all obstacles to your promotion, happiness and fortune; but, if you
conquer him, then you will never rise to any great preferment by the
means you are at present adopting; many things will miscarry with you,
but in general you will be fortunate.

Acquaintance.--To dream you quarrel or fight with an acquaintance is
unlucky; it forebodes a division amongst your own family, much to
the injury and prejudice of the dreamer; if you are in love, your
sweetheart will prove unfaithful, and marry some one else; if you are
in business, heavy loss will befall you, and you will disagree with
some of your best friends on the most trivial matters; if you have a
law-suit, your attorney will neglect you, your witnesses will be tardy
and backward, and finally you will lose your cause. Do not for some
time undertake a journey by land, or a voyage by sea, or enter into new
undertakings, for you will be unsuccessful; leave, if you can, your
present place of residence, and, above all, avoid lending money, for
you will surely lose it, together with the friendship of those to whom
you lend it.

Angels.--To dream you see angels in your sleep is a sure sign that one
is near you, therefore be mindful of the rest of your dream, for it
will come to pass pretty accurately; should you dream you see an angel,
or angels, then it denotes health, prosperity, and much happiness,
with many children who will turn out good. If you are in love, nothing
can be more favorable, and all your undertakings will prosper and be
advantageous to you.

Apparitions.--To dream you see a ghost, hobgoblin, spectre, and such
kind of things, is of a very unfortunate nature, they denote vexation
and disappointment; if you are in love, it is a certain sign of your
not being beloved in return. Some one is about to deceive you and
you are friendly with one who is your most inveterate enemy; do not
undertake a journey, for it will be unfortunate for you; be careful of
contracting debts, for such a dream forebodes great trouble through
some one to whom you shall owe money.

Asps.--To dream of asps denotes that you will become extremely rich,
and have great quantities of money by you; if you are in love, it
imports that your love will be returned, and that your sweetheart will
become through your means extremely wealthy.

Bagpipes.--To dream of this instrument of Scottish music indicates
that the dreamer will experience great trouble, and that he will labor
to little purpose; in love, it denotes that the marriage state will
be full of cares, and that you will in it experience much poverty and
distress.

Basin.--To dream you are eating or drinking out of a basin is a certain
sign that you will soon be in love, but without great care you will not
marry the first object of your affections; it denotes prosperity in
your trade; and to the farmer, a good crop.

Bathing.--To dream you are bathing yourself in clear water denotes
happiness, prosperity, and success in love; if the water is dirty, then
it foretells shame and sorrow, and a disappointment in love.

Beans.--To dream of beans is an unfavorable dream, it is the forerunner
of troubles and quarrels; if you are in love, expect a difference
between you and your sweetheart.

Bees.--To dream of them has a variety of interpretations according to
their different situations. To dream they sting you denotes loss of
good character, and, if you are in love, of your sweetheart.

To dream you see them at work is very lucky, and means success by
your industry; if you are in love, you will marry the object of your
affections. To dream you see them making their honey under your own
roof is the best omen in the world, it denotes riches, a good husband
or wife, good children, whatever you undertake will be prosperous.
For the rich to dream of bees is rather unlucky; but to the poor they
denote comfort, affluence and success.

Beheading.--To dream you see any one beheaded is a good omen; if you
are in love, you will marry the object of your affections; if you are
in trouble of any kind, it will speedily vanish; it denotes, also, that
you will see some friend who has long been absent, and that he will be
in good health.

Bells.--To dream you hear the bells ringing denotes a speedy marriage,
and that you will receive some very good news.

Buildings.--To dream of being amongst buildings denotes that you will
change your present place of residence, and that you will make many
new friends in life; if you are in love, it foretells your sweetheart
is about to remove at a distance from you, and that you will be in
danger of losing the affections of your lover by new faces.

Cats.--To dream of these domestic animals is indicative of much
trouble and vexation; it denotes to the lover that your sweetheart is
treacherous; if you keep servants, they are unfaithful and will rob
you. To dream you kill a cat denotes that you will discover a thief,
and prosecute him to conviction; expect, also, to lose your own liberty
through the insincerity of some pretended friend.

Climbing.--To dream you are climbing a tree denotes some honor in the
State, and success in life; if you are in love, you will marry your
sweetheart after a long courtship. To dream you are climbing up a very
steep hill or place foretells many difficulties and much sickness; if
you reach the top, you will get over all your difficulties, and recover
from your illness; but if you awake before you have attained the top,
you will be disappointed in love and other projects in life, and die in
your next illness.

Church.--To dream of a church is portentous of evil. If you are in
a church during divine service, you will be engaged in a lawsuit or
some quarrel that will very near ruin you; if you are in love, your
sweetheart is unfaithful, and prefers another.

Dancing.--To dream you are dancing at a ball, wake or entertainment
foretells that you will shortly receive some joyful news from a long
absent friend, or that you are about to inherit some unexpected legacy;
it foretells success and happiness in love; your sweetheart is kind and
true, and will make you very happy in marriage; increase of children to
married persons, and of business to those in trade.

Darkness.--To dream you are in a very dark place, or that you are in
the dark, is a very unfavorable omen; to the lover, it denotes the loss
of your sweetheart; to the trader, loss by debts, business; to the
farmer, bad crops; to the sailor, shipwreck and misfortune. To dream
you get out of darkness into light denotes good to the dreamer; if you
are in poverty, you will rise to riches and honor; if you are in love,
it denotes a happy marriage and many children, with an industrious
husband or wife; expect also to hear some glad tidings from a far
distant country.

Earthquake.--To dream of an earthquake warns you that your affairs are
about to take a very great change; if you see many houses tumbled into
ruins, then it will be much for the better; should the houses appear
to stand, then for the worse; for the lover, it foretells that your
sweetheart is about to take a journey, and that it is a chance if you
ever see each other again.

Eating.--To dream you are eating is a very unfavorable omen;
it portends disunion amongst your family, losses in trade, and
disappointment in love. To see others eating is of a contrary tendency,
and foretells success in all your present enterprises; that your
sweetheart is kind and faithful, and if you marry the present object
of your affections that you will grow rich, be happy and have dutiful
children.

Fall.--To dream you fall from any very high place, or from a tree,
denotes loss of place and goods; if you are in love, it surely
indicates that you will never marry the present object of your
affections; to the tradesman, it denotes a decline of business, and to
the sailor, storms and shipwreck.

Fighting.--To dream you are fighting denotes to the lover that you will
lose the object of your affections through a foolish quarrel; it also
forebodes much opposition to your wishes, with loss of character and
property. After such a dream you should leave your present situation,
because such a dream indicates that you will not prosper in it; to the
sailor it denotes storms and shipwreck, with disappointment in love.

Fire.--To dream of this subtle element denotes health and happiness
to the lover, marriage with the object of your affections, and many
children; you will be very angry with some one on a trifling occasion.
Burning lights descending, as it were from heaven, are a very bad sign;
it portends some dreadful accident--having your brains dashed out,
breaking your legs, getting into prison, or other strange accidents;
to the lover it also denotes the loss of the affections of your
sweetheart; to the tradesman bad fortune in business. To dream that you
are burnt by fire denotes great danger, and that enemies will injure
you.

Fishing.--To dream you are fishing is a sure sign of sorrow and
trouble; if you catch any fish you will be successful in love and
business; if you catch none you will never marry your present
sweetheart, nor succeed in your present undertakings; if they slip out
of your hands after you have caught them, the person you marry will be
of a roving disposition, and some pretended friend will deceive you.

Flowers.--To dream you are gathering flowers is a very favorable omen;
expect to thrive in everything you undertake, and that you will be
successful in love, marry happily, and have beautiful children; should
they wither under your hands, then heavy losses in trade; that your
sweetheart will die; or, if you are married, that you will lose your
husband or wife, and also your favorite child.

Fortune.--To dream you make a sudden fortune is a very bad omen; to
the tradesman it forbodes losses in trade and quarreling with his
creditors; to the lover, it denotes that your sweetheart does not
return your love. To dream you are acquiring a fortune is favorable, it
portends a good legacy and success in love.

Garden.--To dream you are walking in a garden is of a very favorable
nature; it portends elevation in fortune and dignity; to the lover it
denotes great success and an advantageous marriage; to the tradesman it
promises increase of business; to the farmer, plentiful crops.

Gifts.--To dream you have anything given you is a sign that some good
is about to happen to you; it also denotes that a speedy marriage will
take place betwixt you and your sweetheart. To dream you have given
anything away is the forerunner of adversity; and in love denotes
sickness and inconstancy in your sweetheart or partner.

Horses.--To dream of these useful animals is good; if you are mounted
on a fine horse, you will marry a rich person, who will do well, and
make you happy; it shows change in life; if you fall from your horse
difficulties will occur, and some unexpected disaster befall you.

Knives.--To dream of knives is a very unpropitious omen; it betokens
law-suits, poverty, disgrace, strife, and a general failure in the
pursuit of your projects; in love, it shows that your sweetheart is of
a bad temper, and unfaithful, and that if you marry, you will live in
enmity and misery.

Marriage.--To dream you are married is ominous of death, and very
unfavorable to the dreamer; it denotes poverty, a prison, and
misfortunes. To dream you assist at a wedding is the forerunner of
some pleasing news and great success. To dream of lying with your newly
married husband or wife threatens danger and sudden misfortunes, and
also that you will lose a part of your property.

Shoes.--To dream you have a new pair of shoes denotes much success in
life and triumph over your enemies; in love, a speedy marriage and
infidelity. In the married state, an increase of children. To dream
your shoes are worn out and bad, shows decay in circumstances and loss
of friends; in love, it foretells the infidelity of your lover, who
will marry another.

Silk.--To dream you see silk, either in pieces or for sewing, signifies
prosperity and success in undertakings; to the lover, it denotes a
sweetheart of an industrious disposition, good tempered, and very
faithful; in trade, it foretells increase of business, by means of
women. To be clothed in silk foretells honors and riches, but you will
quarrel with a rich neighbor, who will endeavor to do you mischief.
For a married woman to dream of being dressed in a silk gown, shows
her husband is fond of some one who will nearly ruin him. If a maiden
dreams of it, she will speedily see her lover.

Silver.--To dream of this valuable metal shows that false friends are
about you, and will attempt your ruin; in love, it denotes falsehood
in your sweetheart. To receive or pick up pieces of silver money, if
they are small, denotes want and a prison; if they are quarters, they
indicate the receipt of a small sum of money, and the acquisition of
some new friends; but if they are half-dollars or dollars, they denote
misery, a prison and failure in your undertakings, disappointment in
your love, and loss of law-suits, attacks from thieves and bankruptcy
in trade. If a woman with child dreams of silver, it shows she will
have a girl, but the child will grow poor.

Singing.--To dream you are singing shows that you will hear shortly
some very melancholy news; to the lover, your sweetheart is bad
tempered and unfaithful; to the tradesman, losses by sharpers. To dream
that you only hear singing and merry making shows that you will have
some agreeable news from a person long absent; if you are in a prison,
it foretells you will speedily regain your liberty.

Tombs.--To dream of being amongst the tombs denotes a speedy marriage,
great success in business, and the gaining of a lawsuit; also the birth
of children, and unexpected news.

Treasure.--To dream you find a treasure in the earth is very ominous;
it shows that you will be betrayed by your bosom friend; your
sweetheart is unfaithful and deceives you; if you should not be able
to carry it away, you will have some very heavy losses; if you have
lawsuit it will go against you by the treachery of your attorney.

Trees.--To dream you see trees in blossom denotes a happy marriage
with the present object of your affections, and many children who will
do extremely well in life; to the tradesman it denotes success in
business. To dream you are climbing trees denotes that you will make a
fortune, and rise to honors and dignities in the State. To dream you
are cutting down trees foretells the death of a near relation or dear
friend.

Walking.--To dream you are walking in a dirty, muddy place foretells
sickness and vexation; to the lover it denotes your sweetheart to be
bad tempered and unfaithful; to the tradesman it foretells dishonest
servants, and loss of goods by fire.

Water.--To dream you are drinking water denotes great trouble and
adversity; in trade, loss of business, and being arrested; to the lover
it shows your sweetheart is false, prefers another, and will never
marry you.

Wedding.--To dream of being married, or at a wedding, is a very
unfavorable dream, especially for lovers; it denotes the death of
some dear friend or relation, with loss of property and severe
disappointment.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE MINSTREL SHOW; Or, Burnt Cork Comicalities.

[Illustration]

A new and varied collection of the best darkey wit and humor, as
recited and performed by the leading minstrels of the present day.
It contains Comic Songs, End Men’s Jokes and Stories, Conundrums,
Darkey Dialogues, Stump Speeches, Burlesque Lectures and Monologues,
Plantation Sketches, Interludes, Farces, Afterpieces, Negro Songs and
Dances, Banjo Solos, Songs and Marches, etc., etc. It is not only the
largest but the best collection of minstrel wit ever published, and
all who enjoy a good laugh will find it just the book they want. Among
the songs are: “Baby’s Got a Tooth,” “Just to Make it Pleasant for the
Girls,” “A Little Beard on a Young Man Grew,” “They’re After Me,” “Get
Thee Gone, Girl,” “Her Front Name Is Hanner,” “Good-by, Lize,” “Oh,
Lucinda!” “Quit Your Fooling,” etc., etc. It is a book full of fun and
laugh from cover to cover, and cheaper than going to the minstrels, for
you get as much as you would hear at half-a-dozen entertainments for
a fraction of the cost of one. It is a book of 64 large double-column
pages, bound in attractive paper covers, and will be sent by mail
post-paid upon receipt of only =Ten Cents=.

KEYSTONE BOOK CO., Philadelphia, Pa.

       *       *       *       *       *

Parlor Magic.

[Illustration]

This valuable textbook contains complete and exhaustive directions for
performing over one hundred amusing and mysterious tricks in magic and
legerdemain, including sleights with dice, dominoes, cards, ribbons,
rings, fruit, coin, balls, handkerchiefs, etc., etc., the whole
illustrated and clearly explained with 121 engravings. The directions
for performing these tricks are made so very clear by the aid of the
many illustrations given that any one may readily perform them, and
thus become a veritable wizard in his own circle of acquaintances.
Tricks which you have seen performed by professional magicians, and
which have seemed to you almost miraculous, are so clearly and fully
explained in this book that you may perform them with ease. Among
the tricks explained in the book are: “The Magic Coin,” “The Magic
Handkerchief,” “The Dancing Egg,” “The Domino Oracle,” “The Magic
Bond,” “To Swallow a Barber’s Pole,” “The Restored Ribbon,” “The
Magnetized Cane,” “To Eat a Peck of Shavings, and Convert them into
a Ribbon,” “The Wonderful Hat,” “The Pepper-Box Trick,” “The Bag of
Eggs,” “A Watch Pounded in a Mortar,” “To Pierce the Arm with a Knife,”
“The Glass of Wine Changed into a Shower of Rose Leaves,” “The Goldfish
in a Vase of Ink,” and many others. “PARLOR MAGIC” is a book of 64
large, double-column pages, bound in attractive colored paper covers,
and will be sent by mail post-paid upon receipt of only =Ten Cents=.

KEYSTONE BOOK CO., Philadelphia, Pa.



